Assisted installer API V2 (#132)
redhat-partner-solutions/crucible: docs/v1_to_v2_transition.md

To allow the transition to take play you will need to remove the v1 assisted installer pod `podman pod rm -f assisted-service`. 
It may also help to remove anything left behind from the previous pod in the `assisted_installer_dir`(default: `/opt/assisted-installer`). 
You may want to back this up if you need any infomation the then previous deployments held in assisted installer.

In addition to the three previous containers, there is a new image service. 
For assisted installer to work correctly with this service the assisted installer pod must be able to resolve the image service (by default this will be the `host` var in the `assisted_installer` host definition). So if a domain is being used you will need to add the ip address to your DNS server to the `dns_servers` in the `assisted_installer` host definition:

```yaml
...
services:
  hosts:
    assisted_installer:
      ansible_host: service_host.example.lab
      host: service_host.example.lab
      port: 8090 
      dns_servers:
        - 10.40.0.100
        - 8.8.8.8
        - 4.4.4.4
...
```

## Overrides

> For good reason assisted installer has changed the stucture of the required data for defining openshift version available to install. If you have overridden the images you will need to split the former data into two parts as follows:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Assisted Installer has changed the structure of the required data for defining OpenShift versions available to install. If you have overridden the images you will need to split the former data into two parts as follows:
```
Also, can you clarify what `former` data is.
